Lord Imperial Preceptor
Please spare me
Why is Zhao Jun already here?
Are you going to refute me?
Under one person and under ten thousand people
City Lord Song, you took the wrong medicine
Even the imperial master dares to contradict
Yes, it is.
Gao Shaoyun and Chen Zhangwang have a good friendship
King Chen Zhanwang also specially sent Liao Fan to protect him
So
I don't think Gao Xiaoyun can be a remnant of Cao Lin
To Cao Lin's rebellion party to kill me
That's why King Chen Zhan sent Liao Fa to protect me
So this is enough to show that Cao Lie and I are opposites
Hahaha, is this person arrogant?
Take him out and press me
He deserves it too, it's not a question of whether he deserves it or not
You are killing Zhongliang
The ceremony of the Imperial Preceptor entering the soul is extremely solemn
It's Long Shuai's rest in peace
There must be no wrongdoing at this ceremony
What did Chu Tianbao Tu Tian City Lord's Mansion ask you?
You repeat it to everyone again
You ask the cause of death of Liu Xishan and Zhang Yuntao
He has the whereabouts of Zhanwang Chen
Where did Chen Tianjiao go later?
Searched Liu Xishan's home
Several letters were found in the safe
Then took away
See the facts here
It's normal for Zhanwang Chen to search for evidence
He also advised the imperial master to be clear
What's wrong?
Chen Tianjiao got the secret message but took it away privately
Not handed in
Nothing promising today
Obviously, he wants to destroy the evidence and escape before committing the crime
Isn't such a heart obvious?
Presumably there is definitely King Chen Zhanwang in the secret letter
The content of Huotong Cao Lin
He must have run away with the secret letter and destroyed the evidence